Hi, I'm Maureen and I work as a Solutions Engineer at Alteryx.
I'll be your instructor in this course,
where you'll learn how to build a really great dataset to fuel your analytics.
For years, I've been helping customers create analytic datasets for their analysis,
and what I've learned along the way is that you
rarely get one dataset that's in perfect shape,
totally clean, and has no issues.
To be honest, a lot of time can be spent working
to get a dataset just right before it's analyzed.
But why spend the effort?
Well, we've often heard the term garbage in, garbage out,
and well, your analytics will only be as good as the data you feed it.
In this course, you'll learn techniques used to prepare datasets for analysis.
By the end of the course,
you'll apply these techniques to produce a robust analytic dataset.
These skills will be used throughout the rest of the course and are
key skills used by business analysts in their jobs every day.